---
ID: 5
post_title: Roadmap to 1.0
author: Sh3nl0ng
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://mousespaz.com/2018/11/05/roadmap-to-1-0/
published: true
post_date: 2018-11-05 00:10:04
---
<!-- wp:paragraph -->

An overview of what I am looking to work on over the course of the next few months.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

This document is likely to change as priorities grow or shift. This roadmap provides direction without directions.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Please feel free to file issues on this repository if you have questions, concerns or suggestions.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:heading -->

## [][1]mouseSpaz.com

<!-- /wp:heading -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

mouseSpaz was established in 2005 or thereabouts. Since that time the organization has competed at the top levels of the sport and remained 100% focused on the game and it's players.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

This repository represents an effort by Sh3nl0ng take all of his experiences and knowledge from his time competing in CS:GO and create tailor-made solutions to give new competitors a place to get a general overview of the fundamentals to competitive Counter-Strike.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:heading {"level":3} -->

### [][2]Primary Missions

<!-- /wp:heading -->

<!-- wp:list -->

*   Be a focused and constructive environment using minimal necessary policing.
*   Offer a first-class toolset tailored to effectively managing CS:GO teams.
    *   On-site demo playback
    *   Interactive strategy builder
    *   Clan war negotiation and scheduling console
*   Provide players with resources to maintain their mechanical skill and develop their technique.
    *   Small population (8 player) public servers
        *   Obstacle course (kz, bunnyhop, surf)
        *   The pit (deathmatch)
    *   Custom practice servers
*   House written, audible and visual content on various topics related to Counter-Strike.
    *   101 Series
    *   Playstyle evaluation
    *   Practicing what matters
    *   Demo review

<!-- /wp:list -->

 [1]: https://github.com/mouseSpaz/mousespaz.com/blob/master/roadmap.md#mousespazcom
 [2]: https://github.com/mouseSpaz/mousespaz.com/blob/master/roadmap.md#primary-missions